Okay so in this video I'm just going to give you a quick overview of the mood in the Gush board and
exactly what you would see in went taking a you be because.
So if you're familiar would you to me Andy.
Cost lay out.
Feel free to skip this video and move onto the course.
If this is your first udani Course I would recommend you take a few moments just to get familiar with
the layout and how to navigate around the chaos.
So first of all we've got a overview page would show some recent activity and recent instructor announcements.
And also some information about the course.
In the course content This is the area where you can go to different videos and navigate through all
the sections of the course.
So just click on any of these sections to expand I think see all different matches inside the section.
And the Q in a tub at the top is a place to go if you need to ask a question.
It's a great resource to ask a question.
If you get stuck and I'm always available to answer questions.
And by all means you were a student taking this course.
Feel free to answer any questions you know the answer to.
It would really help me out.
And is also the option to follow questions and see questions without any responses.
So if you do get stuck post a question and I'll do my best to answer as you go through the videos you
can also bookmark sections.
There's also a in halsman sub which shows all the recent announcements that the instructors made.
So once I actually began the course and begin go through the videos you taken to this section.
Which is the video player.
If you hover over the BOM section there is quick links to the questions and answers section.
You can add bookmarks you can change the video quality.
You can also increase the sound.
This can make the video full screen.
You can also skip forward or backward 15 seconds and even change the speed that the video plays.
Also during video we can go back to the dashboard or click on the menu on the left on side.
We've got the option to navigate to different videos at different sections of the course.
So there you go.
That's a quick overview of the you do be dashboard.
Selfing So listen.
Let's now move on to the rest of the class.